If you choose to use the services we provide, you agree to the collection and use of information in connection with this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve services. We will not use or share your information with anyone unless otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy.

Unless otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as our Terms and Conditions. 

1. Collection of information
We collect some or all of the information you provide to us, as well as data about your use of the website and application, but we will mainly use the collected data to provide you with satisfactory services and improve your experience.

1.1 Collection of equipment and technical data
We may collect data necessary for your use of our App, we may maintain and analyze the App's functionality and personalize the App's content.
We automatically obtain some information about your device, including IP address, country code, time zone session start/stop time; IDFV, language; network status (wireless, etc.), browser plug-in type and version; platform, SDK version, timestamp ; Technical device information (such as device model and name, operating system name and version, CPU information, storage size, screen size, firmware, application software API key identifiers, push notification tokens). While this information (eg IDFV, IP address) can uniquely identify your device, this information does not personally identify you. Certain legislation (eg the United States) can uniquely identify your device as a personal information processing device.

1.2 Daily personal information collection
When using our Services, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information ("Personal Data") that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

cellphone number
Email address
Address

2. How to use the information collected
Money Cats uses the data collected for some or all of the following purposes:

Provide and maintain services
Notify you of changes to our services
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Services when you choose
Provide care and support to customers
Provide analytics or valuable information so that we can improve our services
Monitor service usage
Detect, prevent and resolve technical issues
When you access the Services from your mobile device, we may automatically collect certain information, including but not limited to the type of mobile device you are using, mobile device ID, IP address of the mobile device only, mobile operating system, mobile device mobile device you are using Internet browser type, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data (using "Data").

3. Information storage
3.1 Data Security
Data security is important to us, but remember that no security measure is perfect or impenetrable. While we endeavour to protect your personal data in a commercially acceptable manner, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

3.2 Data transmission
Your information, including personal data, may be transferred to computers outside your state, province, country, or other governmental jurisdiction, and those computers may have different data protection laws than those in your jurisdiction.
If you are located outside of China and choose to provide information to us, please be aware that we will transfer data (including personal data) to and process it in China.
By agreeing to this Privacy Policy and submitting such information, you agree to the transfer.

3.3 Data Disclosure
App may disclose your personal information in good faith and believe that such actions are necessary:

fulfill legal obligations
Protect and defend rights or property in software
Prevent or investigate possible service-related misconduct
To protect the personal safety of service or public users
duty of prevention
3.4 Service Providers

We may engage third parties (companies or individuals) to promote our services ("Service Providers"). Third parties provide services on our behalf, perform related services or assist us in analyzing how the services are used. Third parties can only access your personal data on our behalf to perform these tasks and are obligated not to use it for any other purpose.

3.5 Links to other websites
Our Services may contain links to other websites that we do not operate. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's website. We strongly recommend that you review the privacy policy of each website you visit. We have no control over, and are not responsible for, the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party website or service.

4. Delete information
When the information is no longer needed, we will take reasonable steps to delete it to protect the information from unauthorized access or use.

- contact us:

If you have any questions about this service, please feel free to contact us. curiosityou@outlook.com
